now coming to the stage one of the
all-time greats put your hands together
ladies and gentlemen let me take care
this is if you haven't heard my records
number three even let me take care of
this is it you haven't heard my record
number one three different women what
kind of dog is that from three different
worlds which word is a verb cried as the
verb as in I cried when I realized I
didn't have your phone with one husband
in common see that wig you got almost be
too tight cuz I miss Frankie Lonnie
I am mrs. Frankie Lymon to get a piece
of his millions am I to understand that
there are three women claiming to be the
widow what Frank Joseph Lymon deceased
they'll have to prove he married him
first this is Frankie Elizabeth's
marriage license in 1964 I marry Frank
1965 Frankie and I will marry 1967 in
Augusta Georgia and loved him most
Frankie just needed something different
all the time I don't know why I do stuff
I don't you never told nobody that you
love them people said all the time this
comes back in empty words
I think Frankie was like that broken
record amen
I got a life ranking it ain't gonna
include you know you got to go get out I
know you worked Warner Brothers presents
Halle Berry vivica a fox Lela Rochon
Little Richard and Larenz Tate as
Frankie Lymon every moment your heart
skips a beat for all the times you take
a chance for every time a stranger
becomes part of your life why don't we
walk out of here friends comes a movie
that wonders baby you're one fine thing
[Music]
[Applause]
you